I want you to help me build a personal portfolio website that  showcase who
I am, my skills, and my journey as a web developer.

It should be a multiple-page website

The website page should have the following sections:
 A menu bar, logo, and a contact me all on the same level 
Let the menu be sticky and let it have the following items:
- Home
- About Me
- Skills 
- Projects

Create a logo for Precious and place it at the top left hand side of the website page 

Let the menu bar be captured inside a deep blue-colored frame. Let the lettering be white so they are legible

Let the contact me sit on the top right hand side of the menu bar.

Hero section: 
Below the menu bar section, let there be a hero section with a Call-To-Action button example, Download CV
Create an ATS-Compliant Resume / CV and link it to the hero section of the website site

The hero section should be about 35% of the length of the landing page and 100% of its width 
Let the hero section have a sky-blue background

The hero section should have a Large heading with my name Precious Ifebuche Okonkwo and a tagline example, Aspiring Full-Stack Developer.

About me: 
This Section should have a heading: About Me

The about me section should be vertically partitioned into two

On the left hand side of the about me section should display a picture of me 

On the right hand side should have 2-3 paragraphs introducing myself
My background, interests, and what motivates me. Why I am learning web development.

Skills:
This Section should have a heading: My Skills

This section should have a List of technologies I’ve learned example, HTML, CSS, Git, Tailwind CSS, etc. each of them should be displayed in a card box with icon and name 

Projects: 
This Section should have a heading: My Projects

This section should display 3-4 projects 
The Projects should be in a card box 
Each card box should have image, overlay, text and Link to live demo. 
It should  show a high level summary of what the project set out to solve

Add hover effects on the card box to reveal more information

Contact me:
This Section should have a heading: Get In Touch 

This section should have a brief message encouraging people to reach out

This section should be vertically partitioned into two

On the left hand side should have the contact information example, email, phone number, and social media links 

On the right hand side should have the contact form with:  Name, Email, Message field, Submit button.

Footer section:
A footer that has all the copyright, my logo and social media links all on the same level.
Let the footer be sticky.

Let the menu and the footer be on all the pages. 

Build me this using HTML and CSS. Do not use inline styling for CSS.
Let the IDE be Visual Studio Code

Kindly insert comments in your code 

My theme color is deep blue and sky-blue.

Document everything  on the Landing Page using the Dewey classification system